Name; WAQAS GHAFOOR
CLASS; BSCS 6
ROLL NO; 55

Q1;How to launch swi-prolog on command line?  
  SWI-Prolog can be executed in one of the following modes:
  swipl --help
  swipl --version
  swipl --arch
  swipl --dump-runtime-variables
  REFRENCE: SWI-PROLOG COMMAND LINE..

Q2;What is the extension of a prolog Knowledge Base?  
  (.pl) is the extension of a prolog knowledge base...
 
Q3;How to load a knowledge base in prolog?  
  (kb1.pl)
  wizard(harry).
  wizard(ron).
  wizard(hermione).
  muggle(uncle_vernon).
  muggle(aunt_petunia).
  chases(crookshanks,scabbars).
  (kb2.pl)
  kicking(malfoy,harry).
  eating(dudley).

  happy(aunt_petunia) :- happy(dudley).
  happy(uncle_vernon) :- happy(dudley), unhappy(harry).
  happy(dudley) :- kicking(dudley,harry).
  happy(dudley) :- eating(dudley).

  (kb3.pl)
  father(albert,james).
  father(james,harry).
  mother(ruth,james).
  mother(lili,harry).

  wizard(lili).
  wizard(ruth).
  wizard(albert).
  wizard(X) :-
  father(Y,X),
  wizard(Y),
  mother(Z,X),
  wizard(Z).
  refrence;Google.com
 
Q4;How to exit a prolog session?  
   ctrl d & halt...
 
Q5;How to get help on a topic from within prolog?  
   FROM prolog enviromental tutorial...refrence; google.com
 
Q6;What is an atom?  
   Prolog is dynamically typed. It has a single data type, the term, which has several subtypes: atoms, numbers, variables and compound terms. An atom is a general-purpose name with no inherent meaning. It is composed of a sequence of characters that is parsed by the Prolog reader as a single unit.
   refrence;Google.com
 
Q7;What is a term?  
   True when Term is a term with functor Name / Arity . If Term is a variable it is unified with a new term whose arguments are all different variables.
   refrence;Google.com

Q8;What is functor?  
   The rules for Prolog functor names (identifiers) are the same as for Prolog atoms. Functors are syntactic units that have a finite number of arguments ("arity"), and if a functor is supplied with terms for those arguments, then we get a compound term.
   refrence;Google.com
 
Q9;What are complex terms?
   The number of arguments

Q10;What is predicate? 
    A collection of clausses which donate a property.

Q11;What is arity of predicate?  
   Pred and N arguments called a predicate indicator

Q12;What is unification?
   The camparision of two or more than two terms